Update esp32-upload.md (#1493)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/02.hero/boards/uno-r4-wifi/tutorials/esp32-upload/esp32-upload.md

---

> title: Custom Firmware Upload to ESP32 (Advanced)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: UNO R4 WiFi Custom Firmware Upload to ESP32 (Advanced)
```

> description: Upload custom firmware to the ESP32-S3 on the UNO R4 WiFi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn how to load custom firmware to the ESP32-S3 module on the UNO R4 WiFi, using the esptool.py command line interface.'
```
